what is up guys and I'm bringing you
some hazard it is a remake of the world
at war map called cliffside and this one
is one of my favorites unfortunately
this is my very first time playing on it
and I joined the game a little bit late
it is a domination playlist and this map
is so awesome alright this is just look
at this map it's got interaction
sprinklers the grass is so green it's
got like the little golf course
clubhouse kind of thing and this the
feel vibe is Matt makes me want to play
it it honestly makes me in a bit of a
good mood like just seeing everything
all green all flowers all the fountains
like the countryside golf club blah blah
blah but it really does this is up this
is an amazing map and it reminds me a
whole lot like close side but up they
just made a black op style instead of
being like a Japanese beach it is now it
looks like a possibly um maybe a
vietmanese Chinese maybe possibly even
American but I think it's Cuban actually
that's what it is a Cuban golf course
but it you know what it's awesome i love
it guys is as of right now probably my
favorite map I didn't say so um nothing
against the other maps the other maps
are great they're fantastic and they're
all good maps the only one that I'm not
a crazy for as of like at the moment
like and don't get me wrong I still like
it but is um silos I love the bit big
but you know what um it could mean for
good a good games competitive games as
well but it's just one of those maps
where it's going to be like a slow team
deathmatch or so on but I don't get me
wrong the really fun games and this one
is one of my favorite color green maps
to date and this honestly makes me even
though I'm gonna play black ops makes me
kind of like jump on hold at war and get
on some clothes side shit but uh if
you're thinking over buying the map pack
and wonder if it's worth to $15 yes I'd
say this this
is triarchs by far best ever Matt pack
dlc it's just so enjoyable um if you
don't like the maps gotta give me a
reason why I don't know what's to
complain about this and the zombies
featuring this one they went all out
guys if you think all the dead went like
that was beast oh boy see the zombies
map the interactions and all the cool
little features it's on me sad I
remember when zombies had no perks
nothing just the mystery box and the
guns don't know why and that's all I
remember that and that was a good old
days but then you got you can't like
just like them now and that right there
there is a rockets glitch kind of like
the fuel rock you can kind of sit inside
of it and you get stuck once you jump
onto it you can't get out but um I'm
sure they'll fix that in a day or two
can't complain but look at how beautiful
this map is guys from the Overlook view
and I know people didn't want me to cut
out the chopper gunners because they
wanted to see it but this is it and this
make this map is just it puts me in a
good mood I want to commentate this
video and air support sprig on this map
the only problem I'd say is that if
there's a ghost kid you'd have a really
hard time finding him but there's not
much place to hide so if you're on the
enemy team make sure the guy doesn't get
it chopper gunner all right you don't
want Nana me stand choppers on this net
but this map is really wide open it's
got a great feel to it like I already
said multiple times you're like all
right Chris I understand you like a mad
but um guns i would recommend i'm going
to do that for each map um the guns i
would recommend for this map would
probably be a long-range weapons of
course just like cliffside guises it's
very sniper friendly and long range and
long lines of sight there's getting a
lot of those engagements so i would my
i'd say the best weapon and choose for
this is probably the g11 and i don't
know how I died that nukem anyone hit me
but whatever um the g11 and the m16
other good guns that would work would be
the FN FAL the m14 sniper rifles would
work fine
this map to just don't run around too
much with them there's there's obviously
corners in this map I haven't even seen
yet I'm going to explore this map to its
full potential but um yeah this is this
map there's not a whole lot of close
range engagements you can see right here
I'm just I'm um this right here's a good
spot if you have a and B because if you
see that beef like flash and this map is
a hard flag get beyond but like it's
completely out in the open all there is
is one little rock and it's not that big
of a rock um you might see in a minute
here maybe not go but um trust me guys
the beef legs hard to get so once you
get it it I'd say just aim down sight at
it might get a bit boring but you're
gonna win the game up way and I see like
this is just like cliffside going up top
and going like a little dune area and
instead they put in a little look like a
little coffee shop or something but or a
bar sorry but uh no I like how they
changed it all and there's like a little
pathway that was the dirt path I know
it's like all patio stones and like
bricks and stuff like that and this is a
great area to spawn trap on i know it's
the spawns are a bit corrupt but um they
probably won't change this bond call of
duty spawns in general aren't that great
I'm think I'm pretty sure we're all
aware that but um see I pick up my third
shopper but unfortunately this game I
only had to kill Street set and I went
on a couple 11 kill streets routes which
would it be my dollars or a chopper
gunner but uh oh well um sorry not a
trap regard gunship but unfortunately I
didn't get to put on my third kills do
before the game starts but um look at
this get the g11 is a really good gun
too i just started using it to this kid
wised up and turned on me but um I i
commend this would be probably the best
not for domination um I haven't played
TDM a whole lot on these like I did the
DLCs last time they first the first time
they came out last time but look at this
line of sight this is really risky me
running up constantly on it
but I guess it worked for me and I don't
say killed buzz Hawk helicopter but um
I'll make sure I'll bring all maps to
buy probably tomorrow or the next day
but the dlc I recommend it that'd be my
final words on it and this is pretty
much just like the end of the game play
here unfortunately this care package
disappear as well I'm taking it no one
take I'm like who the hell took it but I
guess no one actually did take it and I
go into my third chopper which i really
wish i had a third killstreaks at all I
hadn't blackford shopper but I had
gunship or dogs man these kids wouldn't
be done unfortunately they called in a
blackbird and they were able to find the
inside respond but you know what I was
like ah too bad but man i really wish i
had that third killstreak set but you
can see after my third chopper gunner
they wised up and they ought they took
out my air support but um this right
here is the end of the game guys and
don't forget the maybe favorite this
video that'd be fantastic and maybe show
a bit of support on my channel and my
videos guys but anyways thank you for
watching and have a good day peace
you